Cdshooks textual (#624)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/specification/current.md

### Use of JSON 

All data exchanged through production RESTful APIs MUST be sent and received as [JSON](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259) (JavaScript Object Notation) structures and are transmitted over HTTPS. See [Security and Safety](#security-and-safety) section.

**Null and empty JSON elements**

* JSON elements SHALL NOT be null, unless otherwise specified.
* JSON elements SHALL NOT be empty, unless otherwise specified (e.g. to indicate [no guidance with an empty array of cards](#http-response) in the CDS Hooks response).

> If a JSON attribute is defined as OPTIONAL, and does not have a value, implementers MUST omit it. For instance, OPTIONAL JSON string and array attributes must be omitted rather than having a null or empty value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a JSON attribute is defined as OPTIONAL, and does not have a value, implementers MUST omit it. For instance, OPTIONAL JSON string and array attributes are omitted rather than having a null or empty value. 
```
I feel that all lowercase uses of normative verbs eventually, unintentionally migrate to upper-case. How about just not using one here?

> Unless otherwise specified, JSON attribute values SHALL NOT be null or empty, so `null`, `""`, `[]`, or `{}` are prohibited. If a JSON attribute is defined with as OPTIONAL, and does not have a value, implementers SHALL omit it.

Reviewer: This is a great clarification. Thank you!

Author: Thanks

* Launching a web page to provide additional information to the user
* Launching a user-facing SMART app when CDS requires additional interaction

The main concepts of the specification are Services, CDS Clients, and Cards.

### CDS Services
A _CDS Service_ is a service that provides recommendations and guidance through the RESTful APIs described by this specification. The primary APIs are [Discovery](#discovery), which allows a CDS Developer to publish the types of CDS Services it provides. The [Service](#calling-a-cds-service) API that CDS Clients use to request decision support. The  [Feedback](#feedback) API through which services learn the outcomes of their recommendations and guidance.

### CDS Clients

> A _CDS Client_ is an Electronic Health Record (EHR), or other clinical information system that uses decision support by calling CDS Services at specific points in the application's workflow called [_hooks_](#hooks). Each hook defines the _hook context_ (contextual information available within the CDS Client and specific to the workflow) that is provided as part of the request. Each service advertises which hooks it supports and what [_prefetch data_](#providing-fhir-resources-to-a-cds-service) (information needed by the CDS Service to determine what decision support should be presented) it requires. In addition, CDS Clients typically provide the FHIR resource server location and associated authorization information as part of the request to enable services to request additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _CDS Client_ is an Electronic Health Record (EHR), or other clinical information system that consumes decision support by calling CDS Services at specific points in the application's workflow called [_hooks_](#hooks). Each hook defines the _hook context_ (contextual information available within the CDS Client and specific to the workflow) that is provided as part of the request. Each service advertises which hooks it supports and what [_prefetch data_](#providing-fhir-resources-to-a-cds-service) (information needed by the CDS Service to determine what decision support should be presented) it requires. In addition, CDS Clients typically provide the FHIR resource server location and associated authorization information as part of the request to enable services to request additional information.
```
I think that consumes is both more descriptive and therefore accessible to readers, but also more accurate in that it doesn't imply that the cds provided by the service is acted upon / "used".

If you really don't like the word consumed, "accessed" would be a good middle ground.

Author: I think, I prefer the word accesses over consumes.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @bvdh. 'consumes' just feels a bit weird. I know people are pushing for "consuming an API" and this is a derivation of that, but it's still weird and would be a bit harder than necessary for non-native English speakers.

The second method enables the CDS Service to retrieve FHIR resources for itself, without the need to request and obtain its own authorization.  If the CDS Client decides to have the CDS Service fetch its own FHIR resources, the CDS Client obtains and passes directly to the CDS Service a bearer token issued for the CDS Service's use in executing FHIR API calls against the CDS Client's FHIR server to obtain the required resources.  Some CDS Clients MAY pass prefetched data, along with a bearer token for the CDS Service to use if additional resources are required.  

> Each CDS Client SHOULD decide which approach, or combination, is preferred, based on performance considerations and assessment of relevant security and safety risks. CDS Services should be capable of accessing FHIR resources via either prefetch or from the CDS Client's FHIR server.  For more detail, see the [FHIR Resource Access](#fhir-resource-access) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each CDS Client SHOULD decide which approach, or combination, is preferred, based on performance considerations and assessment of attendant security and safety risks. CDS Services should be capable of accessing FHIR resources via either prefetch or from the CDS Client's FHIR server.  For more detail, see the [FHIR Resource Access](#fhir-resource-access) section below.
```
the word attendant is not equivalent with the word relevant, here. Some risks are not only relevant, but actually specifically arise from CDS Hook sintegrations. I think that the spec's approach to discussing security is one of risk mitigation, not mere awareness, and therefore attendant is the better word choice.

Reviewer 2: The fine difference would be lost on a non-native English speaker, especially one who'll be using a translator on this word.

Reviewer: Vadim, I agree with you that this is a very fine difference that may be lost not only on non-native English speakers, but also most native English speakers! 

My take is that precision in language is always a good thing in a specification, regardless. 

Keeping "attendant".

Reviewer 3: Precision that is lost is not very precise 😬 but this one word is not so critical. OK for me.

In this `prefetch`, `hemoglobin-a1c` is the prefetch key for this prefetch template. For a complete worked example, see [below](#example-prefetch-templates).

> A CDS Client MAY choose to honor zero, some, or all of the desired prefetch templates, and is free to choose the most appropriate source for these data. For example:

Reviewer: very good clarification.

5.	The risk that a CDS Hooks browser-based deployment could be victimized by a Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) attack.
6.	The risk that a CDS Service could return a decision based on outdated patient data, resulting in a safety risk to the patient.

> CDS Hooks defines a security model that addresses these risks by assuring that the identities of both the CDS Service and the CDS Client are authenticated to each other; by protecting confidential information and privileged authorizations shared between a CDS Client and a CDS Service; by recommending means of assuring data freshness; and by incorporating mechanisms through which trust is established and maintained between a CDS Client and a CDS Service. As with any access to protected patient information, systems should ensure that they have appropriate authorization and audit mechanisms in place to support transparency of use of the data. For more information, refer to [Security Best Practices](https://cds-hooks.org/best-practices/#security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDS Hooks defines a security model that addresses these risks by assuring that the identities of both the CDS Service and the CDS Client are authenticated to each other; by protecting confidential information and privileged authorizations shared between a CDS Client and a CDS Service; by recommending means of assuring data freshness; and by incorporating business mechanisms through which trust is established and maintained between a CDS Client and a CDS Service. As with any access to protected patient information, systems should ensure that they have appropriate authorization and audit mechanisms in place to support transparency of use of the data. For more information, refer to [Security Best Practices](https://cds-hooks.org/best-practices/#security).
```

I suspect I understand the intent of the change, two issues:
1. this is not just a wording correction. The proposed edit changes meaning. 
2. Note that the sentence already references non-business mechanisms through which trust is established/maintained, specifically: identity/authentication. Changing the meaning of the edited phrase also make the edited phrase duplicative of existing content. 

If you want to remove references to business practices, the best spec change would be to strike the edited phrase altogether. And doing so should be a jira.

jti | REQUIRED | *string* | A nonce string value that uniquely identifies this authentication JWT (used to protect against replay attacks).
tenant | OPTIONAL | *string* | An opaque string identifying the healthcare organization that is invoking the CDS Hooks request.

> CDS Services SHOULD maintain an allowlist of the `iss` and `jku` fields containing only the CDS Clients they trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDS Services SHOULD limit the CDS Clients they trust by maintaining an allowlist of `iss` and `jku` urls.
```

Agree that initial wording was awkward. It was trying to indicate that iss and jku urls pointed to CDS Clients. Your proposed wording is also awkward in that an allowlist doesn't contain CDS Clients, rather, their iss/jku's.

Using the above JWT values and JWKs, the complete JWT as passed in the Authorization HTTP header would be:

```

> Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJFUzM4NCIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImV4YW1wbGUta2lkIiwiamt1IjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9maGlyLWVoci5leGFtcGxlLmNvbS9qd2tfdXJpIn0.eyJpc3MiOiJodHRwczovL2ZoaXItZWhyLmV4YW1wbGUuY29tLyIsImF1ZCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vY2RzLmV4YW1wbGUub3JnL2Nkcy1zZXJ2aWNlcy9zb21lLXNlcnZpY2UiLCJleHAiOjE0MjI1Njg4NjAsImlhdCI6MTMxMTI4MDk3MCwianRpIjoiZWUyMmIwMjEtZTFiNy00NjExLWJhNWItOGVlYzZhMzNhYzFlIiwidGVuYW50IjoiMmRkZDZjM2EtOGU5YS00NGM2LWEzMDUtNTIxMTFhZDMwMmEyIn0.d1WfLjGRKlcWB94l9do4cM8REXeYJLL6SGUBO8VHZhfM8mwKYP70EMxJ67War4TQblEpaQrp11wx5p7oPFm2ETYgCicS84vXWEIYTdjooZdooCSDf2L8-i4awdoUwiEb

Reviewer: Great catch. Here's the history: https://github.com/cds-hooks/docs/issues/356

In the case that CDS Hooks cards are persisted, clients should take care to ensure that stale guidance does not negatively impact patient care.

> CDS Services can then update their guidance by returning a new set of `cards` when the service is invoked based on a different `hook`. CDS Services indicate this intend by providing multiple CDS Services with the same `id` in [discovery](#discovery). Clients are recommended to remove `cards` returned by a previous invocation with the new `cards`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDS Services can update their previously returned guidance by returning a new set of `cards` when the service is invoked based on a different `hook`. CDS Services indicate this intent by providing multiple CDS Services with the same `id` in [discovery](#discovery). Clients are recommended to remove `cards` returned by a previous invocation with the new `cards`. 
```

Using "then" to try to refer to a process described in a previous paragraph is awkward. By explaining that guidance was previously returned, this paragraph remains independently meaningful. 

If you really dislike this fix, the other option would be merge the previous paragraph into this one to make the word "then" more meaningful.

}
```

> Prefetch data, on the other hand, is defined by CDS Services as a way to allow the CDS Client to provide the data that a CDS Service needs as part of the initial request to the service. When the context data relates to a FHIR resource, it is important not to conflate context and prefetch. For instance, in the hook described above for opening a patient's chart, the hook context includes the id of the patient whose chart is being opened, not the full patient FHIR resource. In this case, the FHIR id of the patient is appropriate as the CDS Services may not be interested in details from the patient resource but instead other in data related to this patient. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefetch data, on the other hand, is defined by CDS Services as a way to allow the CDS Client to provide the data that a CDS Service needs as part of the initial request to the service. When the context data relates to a FHIR resource, it is important not to conflate context and prefetch. For instance, in the hook described above for opening a patient's chart, the hook context includes the id of the patient whose chart is being opened, not the full patient FHIR resource. In this case, the FHIR id of the patient is appropriate as the CDS Services may not be interested in details from the patient resource but instead other data related to this patient. 
```
fix introduced typo

Reviewer: ```
Or, a CDS Service may only need the full patient resource in certain scenarios. Therefore, including the full patient resource in context would be unnecessary. For CDS Services that have authorized access to the full patient resource, they can request it to be prefetched or fetch it as needed from the FHIR server using a prefetch template in their discovery response, such as:
```

got replaced with:

```
Alternatively, a CDS Service may need the full patient resource in certain scenarios, in which case they can request it to be prefetched or fetch it as needed from the FHIR server using a prefetch template in their discovery response, such as:
```

I think one of the goals of this paragraph was to explain why the full patient resource wasn't containing on context.

> Alternatively, a CDS Service may need the full patient resource in certain scenarios, in which case they can request it to be prefetched or fetch it as needed from the FHIR server using a prefetch template in their discovery response, such as:

Reviewer: Correction -- prefetch templates impact prefetch.
```suggestion
Alternatively, a CDS Service may need the full patient resource in certain scenarios, in which case they can fetch it as needed from the FHIR server or request it to be prefetched using a prefetch template in their discovery response, such as:
```
